Update feature quality level descriptions (#3663)
mattermost/docs: source/overview/faq.rst

  - Included in security reviews
  - Tested on several platforms
Beta Level Quality
  - `Premier Support <https://about.mattermost.com/support/>`__ is recommended for use in production environments
  - Core functionality is stable, but iteration based on feedback is ongoing

>   - Documentation may be incomplete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Documentation may not be completed yet
```
Indicates it is going to get done, but will be.

>   - Disabled by default and must be turned on through a configuration setting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Disabled by default and must be enabled by modifying the setting in ``config.json``
```

  - Tested thoroughly on a small set of platforms, and made available for testing and feedback on additional platforms
Experimental Level Quality
  - Not recommended for use in production
  - Unknown level of stability

>   - Minimal feature set that is not yet complete, and functionality may change overtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Minimal feature set that is not yet complete, and functionality may change over time
```

  - Minimal documentation is available

>   - Disabled by default and must be turned on through a configuration setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Disabled by default and must be turned on using a configuration setting
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @lfbrock and apologies for the delay. In that context "with" does read better. Another option could be: 
"Disabled by default and must be enabled by modifying the setting in ``config.json``". If appropriate that could be applied to all instances of this sentence in the doc.

>   - Disabled by default and must be turned on through a configuration setting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Disabled by default and must be enabled by modifying the setting in ``config.json``
```
